should not be played for
long, but on the surface it looks like that, but if you look at this
one interest rate and the energy market, in fact, they are
not guessing the battle
of the order this, suddenly the goods thrown suddenly suddenly the
price rises sharply, followed by and then you will see this one of the United States
in those will be more of those what natural gas, suddenly the market of that  A
lot of those what Japan ah, South America's buy it
Already told you that he does not believe
Trump, so we can talk about that problem later, the
second time, we talk about the problem, he said that the situation of the industry appears
, the forecast of interest rates is expected  Will go